docs(conventions) : fix docs (#512)
Vonage/vivid-3: docs/ui-tests/readme.md

# Visual Tests Documentation

Vivid's visual tests consist of two parts:

1. Automated snippets extraction from our documentation (visual regression)
2. Functional tests inside each component

Vivid's visual tests run on chrome, firefox and webkit (Safari).

## Tests consistency

> In order to maintain the tests consistency and reduce flakiness, the tests are dockerized. Running the tests inside a container make sure tests don't fail for small Operating System differences like fonts and pixel interpretations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to maintain the tests' consistency and reduce flakiness, the tests are dockerized. Running the tests inside a container makes sure tests don't fail for small Operating System differences like fonts and pixel interpretations.
```
